every one I wanted to show you the
access road as it goes to my property
right now as you can see it is pretty
rough I want to show you what it looks
like here to give you an idea cuz we're
cutting in a new road in a couple days
and I wanted to show you the reason why
it's because you can't get anything
really up here I got up here four-wheel
drive but it was pretty sketchy
especially coming down there's some
pretty big ruts in there so we're gonna
cut in a new road trying to take out a
lot of slope so we can get the heavy
equipment up that are far as drilling
for the well and septic stuff and all
that kind of good stuff so but you see
here there's a truck you don't need to
see that but this is the road power line
road did you can see it's very well
taken care of
think thankfully they redid this whole
thing after I bought the property
otherwise I was gonna have a major major
project but you can see how far this
road wraps around and goes down through
here it goes all the way down past those
power lines down there so it's quite a
windy road so it was a one of the I
wanted to share with you it's one of the
benefits of actually having you know
power lines it sounds bad but in in
country like this there's power lines
through all kinds of property you can
drive through the most beautiful areas
and you'll see power lines because
that's the only way they have to run it
it's all above ground they're getting
more underground but a lot of its above
ground so you can see all these nice
roads nuts the benefit is I get these
nice roads that are on my property that
are easement roads but they maintain
them because they've got to maintain the
power lines so one of the benefits there
of having a power line in a advantageous
spot of your property and it's gonna
help me out a lot but I'll show you
another video once we start moving dirt
well here's the fruits of our labor
right here you can see the new road this
is the utility access road to the left
there and this is my new road if you
compare it to the other video just
before this quite a big difference we
moved all
a lot of dirt we added about 60 tons of
rock right there and you'll see more
I'll take you up to the corner here
where we did some more work so you can
check that out now here's the top of the
road and I will walk up you can see it's
a lot more space we cleared out a lot on
the corner and understanding you know
when you're going on a remote property
to do what I'm doing it takes a lot of
work I mean we're just this is just the
road you know to get in here so we can
get trucks and get material in here and
you know be able to get in and out and
I'll be honest for me I have to come up
in Port Royal Drive
I pretty much think it's four-wheel
drive for anyone coming up here you
could probably finagle it in two-wheel
drive but you'd be lucky here you're
probably gonna get stuck you can see
this is a the corner where do you turn
so we made a really wide corner I'll try
and show you so you can make a turn and
then cut a switchback right and I'll
show you where the whole road was this
is the cliff right here this is how much
we cut out of this hill we took out
probably about 10 to 12 feet of slope on
this total road on the way up but that's
the old road I've driven up this so you
can see the difference in in slope and
how severe it was and now you look at
this road and this road up here this is
fairly flat you know it's a little
longer but it's much more flat easier to
access a lot easier to turn so give you
a view here from top looking down at the
road give you an idea of how far this
goes you know just to get up here it's a
lot of switchbacks with a lot of work
you know you don't be making this trip
in five six times a day
so just to give you an idea that 30 days
solid of work ten-hour days cutting all
this moving the dirt and I'll show you a
pair of the the actual building site
and show you how we did that as well